fix: add notes about dependency injection (#1326)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langchain/runtime.mdx

2. **Store**: a @[BaseStore] instance used for [long-term memory](/oss/langchain/long-term-memory)
3. **Stream writer**: an object used for streaming information via the `"custom"` stream mode

<Tip>

> Runtime context provides **dependency injection** for your tools and middleware. Instead of hardcoding values or using global state, you can inject runtime dependencies (like database connections, user IDs, or configuration) when invoking your agent. This makes your tools more testable, reusable, and flexible.

Reviewer: Should we use this for JS?
```suggestion
The runtime context is how you thread data through your agent. Rather than storing things in global state, you can attach values — like a database connection, user session, or configuration — to the context and access them inside tools and middleware. This keeps things stateless, testable, and reusable.
```
